---
title: The "A" in STEAM
description: Here I share how I came to the certainty that the "A" in STEAM deserves to be there.
pubDate: 'Mar 16 2025'
updatedDate: 'Mar 22 2025'
heroImage: '/posts/the-a-in-steam.jpg'
---

Have you ever had a dream so vivid that, after you awoke, you scrambled for your phone, desperate to capture every detail before it faded?

That's precisely what occurred for me two weeks ago, on the night of the 9th. While I've had similar experiences before, this particular dream stood out to me.

In the dream, there were numerous characters, complex events, and striking, what appeared to be, symbolic imagery which gave me the urge to seek out a full analysis of the dream's meaning before its original effect on me was lost.

It was early in the morning and I wanted to get back to sleep soon, so I thought of a prompt to run with Google Gemini, inputting a grammatically error-ridden account of my dream (it was so early in the morning...) requesting both grammatical correction and dream analysis.

The prompt was similar to this:

"Please correct the grammar and provide an analysis for the following dream written below:
<br/>[My dream description went here.]"

I won't go into the specific results generated by Gemini, but I'll say that they were insightful and resonated deeply with me—so much so, that this experience prompted me to explore the dynamic relationship between conscious and unconscious processes within psychology as a framework for analyzing other things as I later learned that these types of discoveries are prevalent for people involved in film, art, literature, and other humanities.

After these past two weeks of self-study on this topic, I think, indeed, the "A" in STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, Mathematics) deserves to be there.

"The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science" — Albert Einstein